okay
one two three hello this is jack
and sue we are going offline for
one whole week i would love to do
something tangible i want to figure out
who i am
but we will be back june 9. no laptops
no phones
no connecting to anything
thank you i've been restoring my
grandfather's cabin upstate
actually you all should go up there i
mean
that'll be great yeah we're not checking
our email either guys and we're not
kidding okay bye world okay bye guys
thank you
so nice
you're a genius
now we'll close our eyes and just feel
each other
okay feel with your brain right
we don't have any skills
the urge to take out my phone is very
strong i've been wanting to youtube how
to make a trap to catch a rabbit
so bad shooting stars oh my god
did that one hit the earth
what is that is this one near the whole
time the poof i don't know
probably oh my god what the f
what is happening we need to turn our
phones back on
[Applause]
sorry making a smoothie listen it's
getting weird here in new york
serena hello are you there well there's
some kind of alien
very dangerous aliens
what did sean connery say to the hostage
who had a beard i came here to shave you
are we gonna have to shave ourselves
you're actually gonna go to the wood
pile and get the axe i'm gonna go into
the cabin get the grab bags by the door
and then we'll wing back in the car and
run over us
okay reverse go to the wood pile go back
to the door get the gold bags get
outside they look together
are you listening or are you repeating
can't you go to the house
just one more time
[Music]